[WIP] README improvements (#119)
IBM/ITBench-Scenarios: README.md

# ITBench-Scenarios

> This repository contains environment setup scripts and scenarios for the [ITBench](https://github.com/IBM/ITBench) project.
> For example, one of the SRE scenarios in ITBench is to resolve a “High error rate on service checkout”. Another scenario that is relevant for the CISO persona involves assessing the compliance posture for a “new control rule detected for RHEL 9.”
> Each of the ITBench scenarios are deployed in a sandboxed operational environment in which problem(s) are introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains scripts for creating and destroying environments to run the [ITBench](https://github.com/IBM/ITBench) scenarios. These incidents replicate real scenarios in the CISO, SRE, and FinOps spaces.

For example, one of the SRE scenarios is to resolve a “high error rate on service checkout” while a CISO scenario involves assessing the compliance posture for a “new control rule detected for RHEL 9.”

Every ITBench scenario is deployed in a sandboxed operational environment in which a fault(s) introduced.
```

Author: Thanks for highlighting the real-world inspiration. Made the change along similar lines.

These scenarios focus on observability and incident response. Each scenario includes:
- A comprehensive observability stack deployment featuring:
  - Prometheus for metrics collection
  - Grafana for visualization and single mode of API interactions for agents 
  - Loki for log aggregation
  - Elasticsearch and OpenSearch for search and analytics
  - Clickhouse and OpenSearch for search and analytics
  - Jaeger for distributed tracing

>   - Kubernetes events exporter

Reviewer: This should not be deleted. We use OpenTelemetry for exporting Kubernetes events as logs into Clickhouse.

Author: The reason I removed it was because writing it as `Kubernetes events exporter` may point to a very specific tooling like the one we were using earlier.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha. Yeah, that makes sense. Perhaps then we should state this is handled by OpenTelemetry instead then?

These scenarios focus on observability and incident response. Each scenario includes:
- A comprehensive observability stack deployment featuring:
  - Prometheus for metrics collection

>   - Clickhouse and OpenSearch for search and analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Clickhouse and OpenSearch for search and analytics
  - OpenTelemetry for Kubernetes event logs collection
```
